# Cravings (Web App)
## Concept description and outline for _Cravings_ web application. _Cravings_ will be submitted as final project for the Intro to Javascript Programming class of the Seattle University web development certificate program.
--------

### Description
>Web application will allow users to find restaurants based on what they are craving. Instead of finding restaurants based on food category such as Italian, Breakfast, Brunch, etc. This app will prioritize a specific type of food the user inputs. Examples of cravings as defined by this app are: *soup*, *french toast*, *pickles*, or *fruit juice*. The app will parse results based on relevancy, from the restaurant menu and/or food menu that is posted. Results will display in order of what matches most to the tag the user inputs.

### Functionality
The web application will have two main states. A landing page with a "search bar" for the user to input a tag, and a submit button. The next document will load on click and will be the page of results that the API finds. The user will have an option from the results page to go back to the landing/ search page. Stretch goal: the user has the option to share their custom cravings aka search results as a link via social media.

### Wireframe Breakdown
This section is to help describe the elements in my wireframe. Refer to files *wireframe1.png* and *wireframe2.png* for the following explanation. In wireframe 1: the top left image is a placeholder for a logo. The large bold text is the heading 1 for the page. The medium text is a prompt for the user to input their tag into the search bar. The small rectangular box is the submit box that will read something clever such as "feed me" or "find cravings". The line at the bottom represents separation for the footer. The footer will contain information about the page designer and coder, a link the the github repo and perhaps a link to the designer and coder social media page such as twitter. In wireframe 2: the top left image is a placeholder for the same logo. The block text is a clever heading that may or may not include the tag the user inputed, similar to our Flickr API. For example if the user types in *pickles* the heading may read "Here are some places that serve *pickles*:" The page will display 4-6 restaurants at a time dependent on the API documentation and restraints. Other information will be listed next to the restaurant such as distance from the user's computer. Which means the user should be prompted on the landing page whether or not they will allow the website to know their location. This is complicated functionality that we have not learned in class so the distance may just be a placeholder. The info next to the restaurant name will display distance, rating, and price range. Not in any predetermined order. Then there will be a button that can take the user back to the landing page. Then there will be buttons for the user to toggle between results since the page will display a certain number of results at a time. Of course the first results page will not have a "prev" button. Lastly the footer will be exactly the same as it is on the landing page.

### Libraries & APIs
For this project I intend to use jquery for DOM manipulation and programing. Bootstrap.js for the visual styling/ presentation and the Yelp search API. I would like more practice using the frameworks we have been working on in class. I would like to note that if a my chosen visual presentation framework does allow me to properly execute my web app, then I will change it.
